Will you marry me?
Please, Tiermina?
As your husband, I promise
I will protect all of you.
I'll take care of you,
Fina and Shuri.
[gasps]
[GENTZ gulps]
Um...
Are you saying no?
Ah. [giggles] Oh, Gentz.
I'd love to.
‐‐[thud]
‐‐[FINA, SHURI] Hooray!
Congratulations,
I'm so happy for you!
Oh, my!
Hold on, were you girls
spying on us just now?
[YUNA]
Congrats, Gentz.
You had better take extra
good care of Fina and Shuri.
I will, watch and see!
I'll be sure to make
the three of them
the happiest they've
ever been in their lives!
I have no doubt that you will.
[GENTZ chuckles]
I'm so relieved!
[YUNA]
Man.
Yesterday was pretty perfect.
I'm sure Gentz will be
an excellent addition
to their family.
I've got bad news, Yuna!
Mom's gonna call
off the wedding!
[YUNA]
Huh?
Hold on, your mom's
breaking off the engagement?
[FINA]
I think so.
It happened when Uncle Gentz
came to eat breakfast with us.
[TIERMINA]
Wow, Gentz.
Would you like some
egg with your ketchup?
That's so much.
I mean, eggs have a really
bland taste by themselves.
The ketchup just helps it
pack a little more punch.
Yes, but it's not healthy for
you. Not to mention you used
way too much butter
on your bread, earlier.
Wait, why does it matter to you
how much butter I'm using?
Plus, you're the one who
slathers your bread with honey.
That's because honey
is good for your body.
Something you
should consider more
since you don't
take care of yours.
I take care of it!
But I would also like for my
food to have a little taste!
[TIERMINA grunts]
But it's not healthy!
Look, you need to start
taking care of yourself better!
You over season things
and don't clean up
after yourself properly.
What if the girls start
to pick up your bad habits?
[sighs] I'm starting to
think this might not work out.
I need some space.
[FINA gasps]
Oh, no, what should we do?
So now they're both fighting.
Let them sort it out. They say
even dogs don't interfere
when a couple is fighting.
And that applies to bears, too.
Oh, really?
Basically, it means
that they'll work through
their problems together, so
there's no need to get involved.
But I'm just really afraid
the two of them will
break up or something.
So Shuri and I decided to get
them a snow crystal flower!
A snow crystal flower?
Yeah. It's extremely
special and very rare.
My mom, dad, and Uncle Gentz
found the first time that
they ever partied together.
It's such an amazing story.
My mom has told it to me
at least a dozen times.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
Now that you mention it,
I do remember
Miss Tiermina saying
she used to be an adventurer.
If we can get the flower,
then we can show it to
my Mom and Uncle Gentz
and they won't break up anymore.
That's why Shuri and
I wanna go look for it.
Seems important to you.
In that case, I guess
I could tag along with you.
Do you know where
to find the flower?
Yes. And if we leave right now,
we'll make it back home
before it gets too dark.
[YUNA] Shuri is coming, too?
Better summon Kumayuru
and Kumakyu just to be safe.
Sure. Let's go.
[FINA giggles] Thank you,
Yuna, I appreciate it!
Uh, Shuri?
Hey, big sis, do you
think Mom and Uncle Gentz
are gonna be okay?
Yeah, once we get the
flower and show it to them,
everything will be fine again.
[giggles] Let's hurry
and find it!
Okay. Come out, you two!
[KUMAYURU, KUMAKYU]
Kuma!
It's Kumayuru and Kumakyu!
You're so fluffy and cute!
All right, off we go.
We'll keep an eye on you guys,
but don't get into
too much trouble, okay?
[SHURI, FINA]
Okay!
Hey, look over there!
Wait, Shuri!
Aw, it's baby black viper!
[SNAKE hisses]
[sighs] No, that's
just a normal snake.
Black vipers are much
bigger than that little guy.
Wow, really?
[hisses]
Whoa, be careful, Shuri.
‐‐[SHURI roars]
‐‐[SNAKE hisses]
[KUMAYURU]
Kuma!
Who knew little Shuri
would be so fearless?
[SHURI]
Look! Bloody Berries!
Wait, those are regular berries.
[FINA] Hold on, Shuri;
those are still sour!
[SHURI grunts, groans]
Yep. Told ya so, those berries
aren't good until they're ripe.
Why's it so sour? I regret ever
eating those stupid berries!
Here, try drinking some water.
[SHURI]
Owie. My tongue hurts.
[FINA]
Keep drinking.
Let me see.
That way has a rocky
area. So this way?
Look at this thingy!
[FINA gasps]
Don't do it, Shuri!
[SHURI]
Poke!
[ALL screaming]
It's so creaky!
[SHURI giggling]
[FINA]
Hold on.
[FINA whimpers]
Help me.
[gasps]
It's okay Fina.
Let's cross together.
Thank you, Shuri.
You're so brave.
[SHURI] You feeling all
right? We're almost there.
[FINA]
Yeah, I'm fine. Thank you.
[YUNA]
It's cute how close they are.
[KUMAYURU]
Kuma!
Kuma.
Uh...
[FINA] Hup! We managed
to cross without dying.
[creaking]
[ALL gasping]
[KUMAYURU yells]
[YUNA chuckles]
Great, looks like
I've got a bridge to fix.
[SHURI] I can't wait for us to
find the pretty snow flower!
[FINA]
We're almost there.
Wait till you see! It's like
the prettiest flower ever.
It's sparkly and
has white petals!
Wow, really?
Almost sounds like it's
actually made of snow.
I know! Come on,
Sis, let's hurry!
[SHURI, FINA panting]
It's green.
And flowerless, too.
So empty.
Where are they? I don't see
the snow flowers anywhere.
[sighs]
Are you positive we
came to the right place?
[FINA] There's the big rock
that's shaped like glasses.
So I'm pretty sure this is
the spot Mom was talking about.
[SHURI]
We can't give up yet!
We just need to look harder!
Yeah, you're right, Shuri!
[YUNA]
Hm.
There. Now you're
all nice and clean.
We couldn't find the flower.
I'm worried, Fina.
Are they gonna break up?
[FINA grunts]
[SHURI whimpers]
I'm gonna look around some more!
This is bad, Yuna.
Without the flower...
Hey, it'll be fine.
I have no doubt in my mind
that they'll work things out.
I mean, Mister Gentz
has been worried
about Miss Tiermina
for a long time.
And I believe that Miss Tiermina
has a lot of trust
in Mister Gentz.
Yeah. I suppose you're right.
[YUNA grunts]
Shuri! It's getting dark.
We should head back!
And if we stay gone for too
long, it's gonna make Mom upset!
Not yet!
Don't worry about it;
everything's gonna be okay.
[gasps]
[SHURI]
Something's sparkling!
[FINA]
Huh?
There it is again!
[FINA]
Shuri?
[SHURI]
Oh, no! Don't flail so much!
What is it?
It's a little birdie.
[BIRD chirping]
I'll help you!
Yeah, let's get it free!
[SHURI]
Almost done.
I can't seem to get
the vine untangled! Uh!
I'll need you to hold
down it's wings, Shuri.
Okay! I need you to
stay still, Mister Birdie!
You be sure to hold still, too.
[BOTH gasp]
That should do the trick.
Can you still fly?
Hooray!
Looks like there were
no major injuries.
That's great!
But it wasn't
the flower we needed.
[YUNA]
Think of the positives.
Like, you saved the
bird because you refused
to give up on your
search for the flower.
Yeah.
[gasps]
[SHURI gasps, giggles]
[FINA]
Ahh!
It's so pretty!
I wonder if the bird gave
it to you as a thank you.
Probably! I've got an idea!
What if we gave this
feather to Mom and Uncle Gentz
instead of the snow flower?
Do you think they'll like it?
I bet they would
love that, Shuri.
Yay!
[FINA, SHURI giggles]
[SHURI whispers]
Do you see him? Uncle Gentz?
[FINA] He's here,
but they're not talking.
What if they're still fighting?
Why don't you go inside for now?
Okay.
Well, if you insist.
[FINA, SHURI]
Hey, we're back home.
Sorry to interrupt.
Oh, hey there, Yuna.
Where've you been all day?
They're fine?
But the fight...
[TIERMINA]
Fight? [chuckles]
Don't be ridiculous;
we weren't fighting.
Right, it was just a discussion.
So, tell me, where
have you two been all day?
Were you helping
Miss Yuna again?
No, we went to
look for a flower,
because we thought you
two were having a fight.
A flower?
[SHURI]
Yeah, the snow crystal flower.
[TIERMINA gasps]
Hold on. You left the city?
[FINA]
We couldn't find it, though.
[SHURI]
But we found this. Here!
[gasps]
It's not a flower, but
you guys can still have it.
No way.
You're saying you found
that feather today?
Yeah, a bird gave it to us.
It was actually
caught in a bramble,
but Shuri found it
and set it free.
I see. It's just like...
...the one Roy had.
Fina and Shuri's father
used a similar feather
and always wore it as
a sort of good luck charm.
Huh?
Our Dad had one?
[TIERMINA] I remember
it well. It was so beautiful.
[GENTZ] He always wore
it with his equipment.
[TIERMINA]
Yes. He treasured that feather.
I can't believe
that the two of you
brought back
something so similar.
And I'm sure...
...it was a special
message just for you.
To reassure you.
Roy was always such
a thoughtful guy.
[TIERMINA] Yes, he must
have been worried about us.
[TIERMINA] The three of us
went so many places together.
And had so many adventures.
How nostalgic.
[GENTZ]
You're right. But Tiermina...
Huh?
Roy is still by our
side watching over us.
And because of that,
I feel more confident.
I know that I'll be able
to protect not only you,
but the girls, as well.
Oh, my, Gentz.
Shuri, Fina.
Now listen to me carefully.
[FINA grunts]
I know that I can be
a little bit of a mess.
But would you please allow me
the great privilege of
being your new step‐father?
[FINA, SHURI gasp]
Yes, of course!
‐‐[GENTZ gasps]
‐‐[SHURI] Oh! Me, too!
Daddy!
I'll take care of you girls.
You have my word.
You and I are truly fortunate.
I have no idea
what's in our future,
but I know that I don't
wanna lose anyone else.
[GENTZ]
Tiermina,
I'm gonna be a lot more
careful about my health!
I promise I'll eat better!
And I'll clean up more, too!
[TIERMINA]
Thank you, Gentz.
We're counting on you.
[GENTZ] But maybe I can
still have ketchup sometimes?
[TIERMINA]
Okay, on special occasions.
[ALL gasp]
Well, it looks like you were
right after all, huh, Yuna?
I'm not really
sure what you mean.
You know, how even bears don't
interfere with a couple's fight.
[YUNA chucklea]
You mean dogs.
[door opens]
[SHURI grunts]
Not here.
[gasps]
Uh! Or in here either!
[SHURI gasps]
[SHURI]
Oh, or here.
‐‐[FINA] Shuri!
‐‐[SHURI gasps] I'm coming!
[FINA] Didn't you say
you wanted to help us?
[SHURI]
Mm!
I was wondering.
Where are Kumayuru
and Kumakyu hiding?
[YUNA] Oh. I guess
I haven't told you yet, huh?
They're tucked inside
of here sleeping right now.
Aw, so should we be quiet?
Nah, you don't have to
worry about whispering.
Okay. Let's get started.
[FINA]
What kind of food are we making?
[YUNA]
It's pudding.
[FINA, SHURI]
Pudding?
[YUNA] Yeah, it's a dessert
that you can make using eggs.
[SHURI] That sounds neat!
What is it like?
[YUNA] Hmm, let's see. Well,
it's yellow and really jiggly.
Oh, and it has a sweet sauce
that you pour on the top.
It's super good.
[SHURI]
Really?
[YUNA]
It's creamy and delicious.
I'm almost positive
that you two will love it.
[SHURI]
I wanna hurry and taste it!
[FINA]
You can make treats with eggs?
[YUNA] Sure can. Eggs can be
used in all sorts of recipes.
[SHURI]
Amazing!
[FINA] In that case,
will you teach me more recipes?
[YUNA]
All right.
There are still lots of things
I want to try making, too.
[FINA]
Thank you!
I never knew eggs
could be both nutritious
and taste sweet
at the same time.
How incredible!
[YUNA] Do the two of you
ever cook at home?
[FINA]
Yes.
I pretty much did all the
cooking while Mom was sick.
But Shuri helped me
out when she could.
[YUNA]
Aw, you're so responsible!
[SHURI] But now that
she's feeing better,
Mommy is cooking a lot more now!
Her food is so yummy!
[FINA, SHURI gasp]
[SHURI] I can't wait for them to
be done!
[FINA]
I hope that they turn out well.
I'm sure they'll taste awesome.
You wanna take some
to your mom and Mister Gentz
when they're all finished?
Can we really? Yay!
Guess what?
Now that he's our dad,
we're gonna be moving
into a new house
so we can all live together.
Oh, is that so?
Yep, and our new house
is gonna be even bigger!
I get the feeling
you might be excited.
I can't wait!
What about you?
I've never seen your family.
Do they live close by
or are they far away?
Uh! [chuckles] They're
actually in another country.
Do you ever get lonely?
Of course not. How could I?
I've got you guys to keep me
company.
That's true! [giggles]
Good point, Yuna!
[YUNA]
Well, then,
it'll take a while for
this to bake and then cool,
so why don't we eat
dinner and take a bath?
[FINA, SHURI]
Okay!
[FINA, SHURI gasp]
Wow, it looks so delicious!
What is this feast?
It's Hamburg steak.
A reward since you two
worked so hard yesterday.
Okay. You girls ready to eat?
But first...
[ALL] Thank you so much
for this delicious dinner.
[SHURI]
Mm! It's amazing!
Here, Sis! Say, "Aah"!
Thank you, Shuri. Aah!
[SHURI giggles]
[YUNA]
They're such an adorable pair.
They're like the
perfect sisters.
[SHURI]
Yay! Thanks, Sis!
[SHURI, FINA]
Your turn, Yuna!
Aaah!
Say it!
[YUNA gulps]
Aah...
[YUNA]
So good!
I've always wondered
what it would be like
to have little sisters.
[FINA]
Shuri, sit down.
[SHURI]
Okay!
‐‐[buzzing]
‐‐[SHURI gasps] What's this?
[FINA]
It's called a "hair dryer."
It dries your hair.
Is it too hot?
[SHURI]
Nope! It feels nice.
I'm sleepy.
[FINA giggles]
Don't fall asleep.
We still have dessert.
[SHURI gasps]
Poopin'!
‐‐[YUNA giggles]
‐‐[FINA] It's pudding.
All right!
[YUNA chuckles] Keep it
a secret from your mom, 'kay?
It's not always good to eat
sweets so late at night.
Voila!
‐‐[FINA] Oh, wow!
‐‐[SHURI] Poopin'!
[YUNA]
It's pudding. Dig in!
[BOTH squeal]
So yummy!
It practically
melts in your mouth.
Hey, slow down Shuri.
I can't; it's way too yummy!
Oh, yeah. Did you
have a good time
on our adventure
yesterday, Shuri?
It's the first time
you've gone that far, right?
Uh‐huh! I had an amazing time!
My heart was so excited!
I loved seeing the little birdy!
Yeah, I know what you mean.
It's probably the best trip
I've ever taken before!
It was so fun.
I wanna go again soon!
It'd be fun to explore
different places.
[SHURI]
What places?
Like a castle!
[SHURI]
You mean where princesses live?
[FINA]
Mm! Yeah, like that.
I also wanna see
the ocean one day.
It's way bigger than a lake
and all the water
in it is really salty.
So it's all salty?
It doesn't sound very tasty.
It's really not.
But I think it's
interesting that
there's such a huge
body of water out there.
[SHURI]
It sounds kind of scary.
When Mom and Dad
were adventurers,
they traveled to all
sorts of different places.
Maybe we can do the same thing
once we grow up a bit more.
That sounds super exciting!
[FINA] There are all kinds of
weird fish in the ocean, too!
Are there really?
I wanna see the fishies!
[YUNA]
A lot of interesting things
have happened since
I came to this world.
But it also looks like
there's a lot of stuff
that I don't know about it yet.
What's this? Looks good!
What is this concoction?
It's called pudding?
Is it something you eat?
[NOA squeals]
Well, what do you
think? [laughs]
It's fantastic.
[YUNA]
Glad you like it.
[CLIFF]
Did you make this yourself?
Uh‐huh. I made way
too big of a batch,
so I thought I'd share
the extras with everybody.
I had no idea that
you could make something
so delicious with eggs!
Yes, it's comparable to the
sweets from the royal capital.
Huh? The royal capital, huh?
Sounds interesting.
I wonder what it's like there.
[CLIFF] Well, I'm actually
glad that you asked, Yuna.
Because I wanted to know
if you'd take Noa
to the capital for me.
[grunts, gasps]
[KUMAYURU]
Kuma.